Updating docs (#104)
nf-core/scrnaseq: docs/output.md

- `alevin/txp2gene.tsv`
  - The transcriptome to gene mapping TSV file utilized by Salmon Alevin

## Cellranger

> Cell Ranger is a set of analysis pipelines that process Chromium single cell data to align reads, generate feature-barcode matrices, perform clustering and other secondary analysis. See [Cellranger](https://support.10xgenomics.com/single-cell-gene-expression/software/pipelines/latest/what-is-cell-ranger) for more information on Cellranger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cell Ranger is a set of analysis scripts that processes 10X Chromium single cell data to align reads, generate feature-barcode matrices, perform clustering and other secondary analysis. See [Cellranger](https://support.10xgenomics.com/single-cell-gene-expression/software/pipelines/latest/what-is-cell-ranger) for more information on Cellranger.
```
